March product release (#42)
kagisearch/kagi-docs: kagi/src/plans/why-pay-for-search.md

## Kagi Strives to Lower Cost 
All search engines have search costs, development costs, and administrative costs. Most search engines cover this by advertising, tracking, and selling your data. Currently Kagi spends about USD 1.25 cents per search however  search indexes are about to become several times more expensive and we now have the AI integration cost. It is our intention to keep the cost at USD 1.5 cents per search or below by rethinking our partnering strategy and investing more into our infrastructure. 

## The Numbers Tell a Tale

> In 2022 Google generated USD $224.47 Billion dollars from advertisement revenue while processesing approximately 8 Billion searches per day. At 365 days per year this amounts to approximatley USD $0.07 revenue per search. If an average user searches 10 times per day, assuming a 30 day month this results in Google generating USD $21 revenue per user per month. However the value you receive is well below USD $21 because your results are influenced so that Google can create that type of revenue. Chosing to subscribe to Kagi means that while you are now paying for search you are getting a fair value for your money, you are getting more relevant results, are able to personalize your expeirence and take advantage of AI tools all while protecting your and your family's privacy and data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2022 Google generated USD $224.47 Billion dollars from advertisement revenue while processing approximately 8 Billion searches per day. At 365 days per year this amounts to approximatley USD $0.07 revenue per search. If an average user searches 10 times per day, assuming a 30 day month this results in Google generating USD $21 revenue per user per month. However, the value you receive is well below USD $21 because your results are influenced so that Google can create that type of revenue. Chosing to subscribe to Kagi means that while you are now paying for search you are getting a fair value for your money, you are getting more relevant results, are able to personalize your experience and take advantage of AI tools all while protecting your and your family's privacy and data. 
```
